I'm in heaven I'm in heaven
check out these shoes I feel like a
psychedelic Dorothy exactly where would
I wear these to a club because I'm a
clubber these shoes look like Heinz you
could put like a little knife right here
and then pick somebody really hard
they're like Hansel and Gretel shoes
well I found the ones I want what do you
think awesome oh hey guys so this video
is with my sister who came to visit and
I just love her to death we have so much
fun every time we go shopping it got me
thinking about my most favorite pair of
shoes of all time and if you guys
remember jelly shoes I remember I had
these pastel purple pearly jelly shoes
and I loved him and I wore them until
they squished my toes so about they hurt
but I
to wear them because they were gorgeous
and I felt like a princess every time I
had him on so if you guys can remember
your most favorite pair of shoes of all
time leave it in the comments below let
me know what they were and how long you
have them and yeah and hopefully I will
see you soon have a great day
Lucas